# Fetch-Reward-API

Receipt Processor
Built a webservice that fulfils the documented API. The API is described below. 

Language Selection: Java
Project Setup Dependencies:
Spring Boot: The core framework for developing Java-based web applications.
Spring Web: To create REST endpoints (controllers).
Spring Data JPA: To interact with the database using Java Persistence API (JPA).
H2 Database: An in-memory, lightweight relational database for testing purposes (commonly used for development).
Spring Boot DevTools: (Optional) To enable live reloading and easier development.
Docker.

Pull this Docker Image and test the solution. Data does not survive an application restart. Make a POST request to the endpoint below to populate the data, and test the Points API using the id returned from the Process Receipts API.

Endpoint: Process Receipts
Path: /receipts/process
Method: POST
Payload: Receipt JSON
Response: JSON containing an id for the receipt.
Description:

Takes in a JSON receipt (see example in the example directory) and returns a JSON object with an ID generated by your code.
The ID returned is the ID that should be passed into /receipts/{id}/points to get the number of points the receipt was awarded.
How many points should be earned are defined by the rules below.
Reminder: Data does not need to survive an application restart. This is to allow you to use in-memory solutions to track any data generated by this endpoint.

Example Response: { "id": "7fb1377b-b223-49d9-a31a-5a02701dd310" }

Example payloads:

{
  "retailer": "Target",
  "purchaseDate": "2022-01-01",
  "purchaseTime": "13:01",
  "items": [
    {
      "shortDescription": "Mountain Dew 12PK",
      "price": "6.49"
    },{
      "shortDescription": "Emils Cheese Pizza",
      "price": "12.25"
    },{
      "shortDescription": "Knorr Creamy Chicken",
      "price": "1.26"
    },{
      "shortDescription": "Doritos Nacho Cheese",
      "price": "3.35"
    },{
      "shortDescription": "   Klarbrunn 12-PK 12 FL OZ  ",
      "price": "12.00"
    }
  ],
  "total": "35.35"
}

{
  "retailer": "M&M Corner Market",
  "purchaseDate": "2022-03-20",
  "purchaseTime": "14:33",
  "items": [
    {
      "shortDescription": "Gatorade",
      "price": "2.25"
    },{
      "shortDescription": "Gatorade",
      "price": "2.25"
    },{
      "shortDescription": "Gatorade",
      "price": "2.25"
    },{
      "shortDescription": "Gatorade",
      "price": "2.25"
    }
  ],
  "total": "9.00"
}

Endpoint: Points API
Path: /receipts/{id}/points
Method: GET
Response: A JSON object containing the number of points awarded.
A simple Getter endpoint that looks up the receipt by the ID and returns an object specifying the points awarded.

Example Response: { "points": 32 }

